<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.1.2//EN" "http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.1.2/docbookx.dtd" [
<!ENTITY VERSION "1.5.7">
]>
<article id="index" lang="oc">
  
  <articleinfo>
    <abstract role="description">
      <para lang="en">
        The MATE Control Center provides a central place for the user to setup their MATE experience. It can let you configure anything from the behavior of your window borders to the default font type.
      </para>
    </abstract>
    <title lang="en">Control Center</title>
    <authorgroup>
      <author lang="en">
	<firstname>Kevin</firstname><surname>Breit</surname>
      </author>
    </authorgroup>
    <copyright lang="en">
      <year>2001, 2002</year>
      <holder>Ximian, Inc.</holder>
    </copyright>

    <publisher role="maintainer">
      <publishername>Projècte de documentacion de MATE</publishername>
    </publisher>
    
    <revhistory>
      <revision lang="en"> 
        <revnumber>2.14</revnumber> 
        <date>2006-03</date> 
      </revision> 
    </revhistory>

    <legalnotice id="legalnotice">
      <para lang="en">
	Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
        under the terms of the
        <ulink type="help" url="mate-help:fdl">
          <citetitle>
            GNU Free Documentation License
          </citetitle>
        </ulink>, Version 1.1 or any later version
        published by the Free Software Foundation with no Invariant Sections,
        no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license
        can be found <ulink type="help" url="mate-help:fdl">here</ulink>.
      </para>
      <para lang="en">
        Many of the names used by companies to distinguish their products and
        services are claimed as trademarks. Where those names appear in any
        MATE documentation, and those trademarks are made aware to the members
        of the MATE Documentation Project, the names have been printed in caps
        or initial caps.
      </para>
    </legalnotice>

    <releaseinfo lang="en">
      This manual describes version 1.5.7 of the MATE Control Center.
    </releaseinfo>
  </articleinfo>
  
  <sect1 id="intro">
    <title>Introduccion</title>
    <para lang="en">
      The <application>MATE Control Center</application> provides a single window from which to launch all preference tools. 
    </para>
    <para lang="en">
      To launch the <application>MATE Control Center</application>,
      type <command>mate-control-center</command> in a terminal window. 
    </para>
    <para lang="en">For help on using preference tools, see the <ulink type="help" url="help:user-guide?prefs">User Guide</ulink>.</para>
  </sect1>
  
  <sect1 id="matecc-interface">
    <title>Utilizacion</title>
    <para lang="en">
      The <application>MATE Control Center</application> shows icons for all preference tools installed on your system in a window. Select a preference tool to see its description in the status bar.</para>
    <para lang="en">
      To open a preference tool, double-click on its icon.
    </para>
  </sect1>
</article>
