The format of Locations.xml[.in] is something like this:

<mateweather format="1.0">
  <region>
    <_name>North America</_name>
    <country>
      <_name>United States</_name>
      <iso-code>US</iso-code>
      <state>
        <_name>Alabama</_name>
        <tz-hint>America/Chicago</tz-hint>
        <location>
          <!-- Translators: This is in Alabama in the United States. -->
          <_name>Alabaster</_name>
          <code>KEET</code>
          <zone>ALZ019</zone>
          <radar>bhm</radar>
          <coordinates>33-10-42N 086-46-54W</coordinates>
        </location>
        <city>
          <!-- Translators: This is in Alabama in the United States. -->
          <_name>Mobile</_name>
          <location>
            <!-- Translators: This is in Mobile, Alabama in the United States. -->
            <_name>Mobile Downtown Airport</_name>
            <code>KBFM</code>
            <zone>ALZ061</zone>
            <radar>bix</radar>
            <coordinates>30-36-50N 088-03-48W</coordinates>
          </location>
        </city>
        ...

Most of the data in the file appears inside <location> entries.
However, various larger geographic divisions exist to make things
easier for both users and maintainers.

At the top level are <region>s. These mostly correspond to continents,
but not entirely. They are arbitrary, and could be changed in the
future if we wanted.

Each <region> is divided into <country>s. Every internationally-
recognized country for which at least one <location> is defined should
have its own <country>. For the most part, "dependencies",
"territories", "protectorates" and the like are listed as <location>s
within their ruling country if they are in the same <region>, but
separately if they are in a different <region>. This is not followed
100% consistently.

Every <country> must have an <iso-code> tag giving its ISO 3166-1
alpha-2 code. Sub-country <location>s can also specify their own
<iso-code> if they have one.

A <country> MAY specify a <tz-hint>, giving the default time zone name
for the country. Countries that only have one timezone (or where the
majority of the country is covered by a single timezone) should list
it at the <country> level. Countries with multiple timezones and no
obvious "default" should not list anything here. (See README.timezones
for more information about timezones in Locations.xml.)

A <country> can contain <city>s and <location>s directly, or can be
split into <state>s which contain <city>s and <location>s. The name
"state" comes from the US states, but it can be used to represent any
sort of well-defined sub-country region that has a name which will be
familiar to local users. A <state> may specify a <tz-hint> which will
override the <country>'s <tz-hint> for <location>s within the state.

<city> is an optional element used to group together multiple
<location>s within the same city.

Finally, a <location> represents a location for which weather data can
be retrieved. Its fields are:

    <_name>       - required, the name of the location

    <iso-code>    - optional, the ISO 3166 code of the location, if not
                    the same as its parent <country>

    <tz-hint>     - optional, the timezone of the location, if not the
                    same as its parent <state> or <country>

    <code>        - required, the METAR code identifying this location

    <zone>        - optional, secondary weather source information:
                    US: the NOAA IWIN zone
		    UK: the Met Office region name, prefixed with ":"
		    AU: the BOM forecast name, prefixed with "@"

    <radar>       - optional, the Weather.com radar map name for the
                    location (North America only)

    <coordinates> - optional, the latitude and longitude of the
                    location, as "[-]ddd.dddddd [-]ddd.dddddd"
                    Positive values are North and East respectively,
                    negative values are South and West.
